c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\InventoryMan.dll
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\InventoryMan.pdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\InventoryMan.InventoryMan.apk
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\InventoryMan.InventoryMan-Signed.apk
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\InventoryMan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\InventoryMan.dll
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\InventoryMan.pdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\bin\InventoryMan.InventoryMan.apk
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\InventoryMan.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\InventoryMan.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\layout\home.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\layout\addnew.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\layout\itemdetails.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\layout\itemlog.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\layout\create.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\layout\disco.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_up.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_right.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\drawable\buttonloginstyle.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\drawable\splashcentered.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\drawable\mlogo.png
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\drawable\buttondiscono.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\res\drawable\buttondiscoyes.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.dll
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.Platform.XamarinAndroid.dll
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\SQLiteNetExtensions.dll
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\SQLiteNetExtensions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLiteNetExtensions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\obj\Debug\InventoryMan.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rmpop_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryMan\InventoryMan\bin\Debug\InventoryMan.dll.mdb
